had a great lunch
every time I come here I say it said
last time a Time Square
yes
very tiny miniature but they're so good
we just say it's so much Mexican food
this is a very long day but it was a
great day okay and their meemaw and my
mom are headed back to Texas it was so
great hanging with the squad my squad
feels right now that y'all have gotten
to see the apartment what do you think
of the New York the New York Life yeah I
think it's good for a working girl there
you go Jeanne you just wished New York
was closer to Texas it's been a
wonderful day we got up and I cleaned
and we went to church until next
Oh creative spaces TV comes up tonight
tonight tonight by the time they see
this tonight cuz it'll be Tuesday by the
time you see this so you're ready for
tonight's episode a p.m. Eastern
Standard Time okay a peachy okay bye
guys guess what we just got in an uber
either subscribe Morocco
I'm from Morocco oh I did you're you're
convincing me I think I need to go to
Morocco yeah subscribe - is it that we
hoovered with a subscriber